Title: 10 DAYS MOROCCO IMPERIAL CITIES TOUR FROM CASABLANCA
Category (menu): DESERT TOURS
Category (tour page): DESERT TOURS
Duration: 10 DAYS
From: FROM CASABLANCA
Source URL: https://saharastartours.com/tour/morocco-imperial-cities-tour-from-casablanca/

About this tour:
Not provided on the source page.

Highlights:
Not provided on the source page.

Included:
Not provided on the source page.

Excluded:
Not provided on the source page.

Itinerary:
Day 1 - Arrival – Casablance / Rabat
Arriving in Casablanca, you will be assisted by an English-speaking driver. Then you will be transferred to start the visit to the beautiful city of Rabat, the capital of Morocco. In this city, you will see outside of the Royal Palace, the Mausoleum of Mohammed V, the Hassan Tower and the Kasbah of the Oudaya.
Later, after lunch we will continue our journey to Tangier including a stop in the Old Portuguese
capital. Overnight and Dinner in Riad.

Day 2 - Rabat – Chefchaouen (Blue City of Morocco)
Breakfast at your Riad, then, meet your driver guide, who will take you to explore more historical monuments in Rabat, visit the metropolis Kasbah Challah and enjoy a cup of tea in a terrace overlooking the Bouregrag river, afterwards we will head to the blue city of chefchaouen, the Pearl of the North one of the best destinations in the world, discovering it in the company of a local guide to make a complete visit to this charming mountain town.
Besides, we will walk through its narrow blue streets, among its old houses painted deep blue. In addition, we will contemplate its beautiful panoramic views. Overnight dinner and breakfast in a charming yet Luxury riad.

Day 3 - Chefchaouen - Meknes - Volubilis - Fes
After leaving the blue city of Chefchaouen, we’ll explore other cities full of history and heritage, crossing the small villages of the Rif Mountains to reach one of the beautiful Imperial citiy of Meknes, founded by the ruler Moulay Ismail, we’ll explore the beautiful gate Bab Al Mansour, Mausoleum of Moulay Ismail, the royal stables, etc. Thereupon, we will have lunch in a local restaurant, then we will head towards Volubilis, the old Roman Capital and wonder of Morocco, declared a world heritage site.
Within two hours of travel, we’ll arrive at the majestic city of Fez, one of the four so-called Imperial cities. The city of Fez is considered as the religious and cultural center of the country and is an essential stop of all tourists throughout Morocco. Check in to our charming riad in the heart of old Medina with overnight dinner and breakfast in a Luxury riad.

Day 4 - Fes - Ifran - Azrou - Midelt - Ziz Gorges - Erracidia - Erfoud - Rissani - Merzouga Desert
Today is time to relax after the hustle and bustle of Fes, and we enjoy a stunning drive rewarded by top Moroccan views, cross the Mid-Atlas mountains region. Stop in Ifran, a beautiful alpine area, surrounded by huge pine trees and a tranquil mountain setting. Stop in Azrou to meet the Barbary apes and nomadic shepherds on the scenic, continue the journey between the Middle and High Atlas mountain ranges.
Independent lunch in Midelt, then, head to the desert over Ziz River through a series of fortified villages made by clay, then to Erfoud and Rissani, head out to the Erg Chebbi dunes located in town of Merzouga sand dunes, the dunes are renowned for their incredible height and size. In parts, the vast sand pile reaches skyward to heights of 150 meters! You will have camel ride and Atv Tours in the high dunes.watching the sunset than continue to the Berber camp. Tonight enjoy a local meal, music and a fantastic night out under the Saharan stars. Overnight – Erg Chebbi dunes at nomadic desert camp.

Day 5 - Merzouga – desert tour By 4x4
Earlier, after your breakfast, you will tour the area of Erg Chebbi. Visiting Khamlia is a little village in the desert by the biggest dunes in Erg Chebbi; also you will visit a Berber residence and listen to the indigenous Gnawa music, which had originated in West Africa. Moreover, you will visit some deserted mines and the Oasis of the Palm Trees. Equally important, you will visit the small oasis town of Rissani which is near the northwest edge of the Sahara.
This picturesque city has gained popularity, not only as of the Tafilalet capital but also as a destination where visitors can still experience the true mystique of Morocco. In addition, visiting the famous market where you can find jewelry, souvenirs, gifts, spices, art, and crafts. Also, lunch will be a traditional Moroccan pizza called “Medfouna”. After you will come back to the hotel in Merzouga and prepare for your journey to Erg Chebbi to take a camel ride back to the desert camp where you will enjoy a second night under the stars.

Day 6 - Merzouga – Erfoud – Todgha Gorges – Boumalne Dades
After having a sunrise breakfast we will break camp and ride our camels out of the desert and back to our original point of departure. Next, travel back to the hotel so that you can shower, breakfast. Collect your luggage before starting on your way back towards Ouarzazate. More that, visit the canal of irrigation in Jorf. After that, we continue our road to todgha gorges where we will have a stop to visit the higher gorges in all Morocco.
Then we will cross the valley of roses, we will visit the cooperative of women where you can find all kinds of rose products and bio. Dades Valley: Your accommodations and dinner will in a hotel at Dades Valley.

Day 7 - Boumalne Dades – Ouarzazate – Aït Benhaddou – Marrakech
Earlier, after having breakfast, we visit Kasbah Taourirte and the cinema studios of Atlas & CLA Studios, where many movies were produced, thus being called The Hollywood of Africa, like Lawrence of Arabia, Sahara… further, we depart to Kasbah Ait Ben Hadou through Tizi Ntichka pass an elevation of 2260m.
In addition, visit the UNESCO World Heritage Kasbah Ait Ben Haddou is a spectacular fortified village. After we continue our road, you will stop in Taddart to have lunch at a Berber village in a panoramic restaurant.
Once you complete your lunch, we will continue your travel to Marrakech. Once you arrive in Marrakech, you will be dropped off at your hotel / Riad. Accommodation and dinner at the Hotel.

Day 8 - Marrakech – Visit the red city
After your morning breakfast at your hotel, our guide and driver will pick you up to explore the city of Marrakech; you will have the opportunity to discover the amazing old Medina.
You will see the Majorelle Garden, which hosts more than 15 bird species that are prevalent in North Africa, has many fountains and a remarkable collection of cacti.
The garden was once owned by Yves Saint-Laurent and Pierre Bergé, between 1980 and 2008. After Yves Saint Laurent’s death in 2008, his ashes were scattered about in the Majorelle Garden. Also, you will visit Marrakech’s most visited monuments, the Saadian Tombs, the Koutoubia Mosque, and the New City of Marrakech – Gueliz.
After we finish our tour of the city of Marrakesh, you will return to your hotel for the evening. Your dinner will be in your hotel.

Day 9 - Marrakech - Essaouira
Our Driver Guide will pick you up from your Hotel/Riad in Marrakech. Departure from your hotel towards the Atlantic Coast, Through Ounagha, well known to the city of Essaouira locates 170KM from the Red City of Marrakech. Lunch on the harbor, then free time to explore the medina and the ancient monuments Mellah (Jewish Quarter), the Skala and Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah Museum and finally we recommend you to watch the beautiful sunset aand glass of Mojito on the terrace Taraus Coffee. Essaouira is famous by Thuya wood Crafts.
Dinner and overnight in the hotel.

Day 10 - Essaouira – Casablanca Airport
After breakfast and depends on your flight time, we will drive to Casablanca airport to catch your flight. End of our 10 Days Morocco Imperial Cities Tour from Casablanca.
Note: we can customize this tour or any tour you want to meet what you’re looking for. So, don’t hesitate to contact us directly.

Images:
- thumbnail.webp
- image-01.jpg
- image-02.jpg
- image-03.png
- image-04.jpg
- image-05.jpg
- image-06.jpg
- image-07.jpg
- image-08.jpg
- image-09.jpg
- image-10.jpg
- image-11.png
- image-12.jpg
- image-13.jpg
