Title: 5 DAYS TOUR FROM MARRAKECH TO MERZOUGA DESERT
Category (menu): Desert Tours
Category (tour page): DESERT TOURS
Duration: 5 Days
From: FROM MARRAKECH
Source URL: https://saharastartours.com/tour/5-days-tour-from-marrakech-to-merzouga/

About this tour:
Not provided on the source page.

Highlights:
Not provided on the source page.

Included:
Not provided on the source page.

Excluded:
Not provided on the source page.

Itinerary:
Day 1 : - Marrakech - Dades Valley
Departing from Marrakech (around 8:30 in the morning), our private tour driver will wait for you at the
Hotel lobby where you are staying, and we will take a comfortable SUV to the valley area. Today, we will set off to eastern Morocco and drive for about 6-7 hours, passing through the Atlas Mountains and the Little Atlas Mountains, admiring the unique scenery of the mountains and the small Berber villages, and visiting the strange stone-“the monkey toes” rocky land. The stones here are affected by natural wind erosion to form a shape like monkey toes. You will feel how magical the power of nature is. Arrive at Boumalne Dades Gorge and stop at Boumalne Dades Gorge. Dinner at the hotel.
If you arrive in Morocco on the same day, you can arrange airport pick-up, but it is
recommended to choose a flight that arrives no later than noon. Otherwise, you will not have
enough time to go to Dades Canyon on the same day, and you may need to adjust your itinerary
to stay overnight in Ouarzazate. If you need a customized itinerary, please contact our
customer service for adjustments.

Day 2: - Dades Valley - Alas Mountains - Todra Valley - Sahara Desert
After breakfast, we will set off for our destination, the Sahara Desert. The Moroccan desert is world-famous for its endless dunes, hospitable nomads, and stunning desert wonders. Today, after leaving the canyon area, we will travel eastward through the 984-foot (300m) deep Todra Gorge, which the Todra River cuts. After lunch, you will experience a camel ride into the Sahara Desert. Accompanied by an experienced camel guide, you will explore the sand sea and watch the sunset. You will stay in a Berber nomadic tent, enjoy dinner in the evening, attend a welcome party with a bonfire, sing and dance with other travelers, and watch the stars at night.

Day 3: - Explore the Sahara Desert (Merzouga)
In the early morning, watch the sunrise in the desert (may be affected by weather). After having breakfast at the camp, we will set aside time for you to explore the desert freely today. You can choose to participate in sandboarding at your own expense or experience driving an off-road four-wheel drive in the desert. And other activities. (The activity is handled by the camp. If you want to participate, please inform our driver, and we will make the arrangements on your behalf.) You can also stay in the desert for more time to take photos freely, but please remember that drones cannot be brought into the country without permission.
At about noon, our driver will pick you up from the desert camp and visit the Gnawi village, which was
originally a slave place for Sudan, and go to Khamlia village to experience unique music and lifestyle, as
well as Berber handicrafts. You will also pass through the small town of Rissani, the hometown of the
ancestors of the Alaouite dynasty that ruled Morocco. Here we will visit a weekly traditional market that
was once a trading center in the desert, linking Morocco to other sub-Saharan countries. In the evening,
you will check into a hotel or Riad in the desert entrance area.

Day 4: - Sahara DesertOuarzazate (OUARZAZATE)
After having breakfast at the hotel, we left the desert area and set off back to take a comfortable
SUV to Ouarzazate. On the way, we visited the ancient city of Ait Benhaddou Kasbah – [ World Cultural
Heritage】, experience the filming location of classic movies such as “The Empire”, “Tomb Raiders”, and
“Heroes”. More than 20 movies were filmed here, and it is also one of the most important fortresses on
the Old Salt Road. Overnight in Ouarzazate that day Ouarzazate is known as Hollywood in Africa, and
many famous movies were shot here: Gladiator, Game of Thrones, Looking for Gems, Cleopatra, Falling
in the Sahara, Nile Gems, Lawrence of Arabia, Spy Game, etc. The ancient city is built using Morocco’s
unique terracotta mud bricks, allowing people to fully experience the red charm of Morocco. Check in at
the Valley Hotel in the evening. After the break, we will have dinner.

Day 5: - Ouarzazate Marrakech
After having breakfast at the hotel, we set off for Marrakech, which takes about 5 to 6 hours by car. We are expected to arrive in Marrakech in the evening and be transferred to the designated Marrakech hotel or to Marrakech. The airport where the tour ends.
*If guests need to depart from Marrakech Airport in Morocco on the same day, our company
can arrange airport drop-off service, but it is recommended to choose a flight that takes off no
earlier than 6 p.m. If you need a customized itinerary, please contact our customer service for
adjustments.

Images:
- thumbnail.jpg
- image-01.jpg
- image-02.jpg
- image-03.jpg
- image-04.jpg
- image-05.jpg
- image-06.jpg
