Title: 11 DAYS MOROCCO CLASSIC TOUR – PRIVATE TOUR PACKAGE
Category (menu): IMPERIAL CITIES
Category (tour page): IMPERIAL CITIES
Duration: 11 DAYS
From: FROM CASABLANCA
Source URL: https://saharastartours.com/tour/11-days-morocco-classic-tour/

About this tour:
Not provided on the source page.

Highlights:
Not provided on the source page.

Included:
Not provided on the source page.

Excluded:
Not provided on the source page.

Itinerary:
Day 1 - Casablanca Pick Up
Your exclusive guide will greet you at Casablanca Airport (the time is set according to the guest’s flight)
and start the journey. Take a comfortable SUV to the city and visit Hassan II. Hassan ll Mosque, which is
owned by more than 6,000 craftsmen. Built in 1993. Located on the coast of the city, it is a magnificent
building and one of the few mosques accessible to foreigners in Morocco
*For guests who choose this itinerary, it is recommended to take a flight arriving in the morning, which
needs to be adjusted according to the actual arrival time of the guests. The first day’s itinerary is affected
by the flight time.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 2 - Casablanca Rabat Chefchaouen
After breakfast, we will go to Rabat, the administrative and political capital of Morocco (Rabat), and visit
Oudaya Kasbah, Rabat Medina, and the old square begin the city tour. After lunch, we will continue to go
southeast. Drive through the rugged Rif mountains to Schaffshavan (Chefchaouen) a blue town. SchaeufShawan’s wheat with its blue city color, known as Dina, Schaeuf is a small town in the northeast with a
population of more than 30,000. The whole town has a vast blue color, like a paint that has overturned
the sky. It is often called “Blue Mountain City” or “Blue Street”. After arrival, you can walk around the
cobbled Medina of Chefchaouen and feel the Moorish and Spanish atmosphere. This town itself is easy to
explore. Although the old wheat field is very small.(Open-air markets will be found, and different kinds of
goods will be sold. Same-time check-in traditional Special Moroccan Riad.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 3 - Chefchaouen- Fes
After breakfast, explore the Medina area of the famous blue town, passing through the Roman city of
Volubilis, which has well-preserved primitive mosaics, Roman roads and urban layouts. In the evening, I
arrived in Fez and stayed in Futong’s characteristic Moroccan Riad. Fes is the spiritual and cultural capital
of Morocco and the largest surviving medieval city in the world
Not provided on the source page.

Day 4 - One-day trip to the ancient city of Fes
Fes Ancient City is the world’s largest pedestrian zone (Car-free urban zone). The city has the world’s oldest
university (founded in 859 and is still teaching), as well as the world’s oldest leather factory in the 11th
century. On this day, you will visit the ancient city of Fez, visit the “open-air market” of Fez Medina, the
walls of the palace, and listen to the historical stories of the ancient city. After that, you will have lunch in
a traditional restaurant in the old city and visit the famous Bab Boujloud. And the dyeing factory,
understand the traditional process of leather manufacturing
Not provided on the source page.

Day 5 - Fez -Sahara Desert (experience riding a camel)
Leaving the ancient city of Fez and passing through the Atlas Mountains and the beautiful town of Ifrane,
known as the “French Village”, you will see the beautiful scenery of apes, cedar forests, etc., and enjoy the
unique scenery of the mountains and small Berber villages on the way. After lunch, you are ready to
experience riding a camel into the Sahara Desert! Accompanied by experienced camel guides, explore Erg Chebbi’s sand sea and watch the sunset. In the evening, check in Berber nomadic. Tent and dinner. You
are free to participate in the campfire welcome party arranged by the tent and sing songs with other
peers. Dance and watch the starry sky at night.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 6 - Explore the Sahara Desert (11 Days Morocco Classic Tour)
In the early morning, watch the sunrise in the desert (which may be affected by the weather) and enjoy
breakfast at the camp. After that, today we will reserve time for you to explore the desert freely. You can
choose to participate in sand skiing at your own expense, experience off-road four-wheel drive and other
activities in the desert, or spend more time in the desert to take photos freely. At about noon, our driver will
pick you up from the desert camp and explore the oasis areas in the desert and desert, including the ancient
irrigation system used by local people in agricultural activities. We also go to Khamlia village, a small village
famous for Cnawa spiritual music Cultural Heritage Town, which was originally a slave place of Sudan,
where you can experience unique music and lifestyles, as well as Berber handicrafts. In the evening, you will
stay in a hotel or a Riad in the desert entrance area.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 7 - Desert-Dades Canyon
After breakfast at the hotel, we left the Sahara Merzouga region. Rissani and Tinjdad drove to Tinghir.
Tinghir is a beautiful oasis, stretching 40 kilometers, with one of the largest palm trees in the country.
Enjoy walking above the famous Todra Gorge, a 300-meter wall deeply carved in the High Atlas Mountains
Watch the monkey. Feet Rocky Land will arrive at Dades Canyon on the same day, and enjoy dinner and
spend the night in the area.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 8 - Valley – Ouarzazate – Marrakech
After breakfast at the hotel, take a comfortable SUV to Marrakech. Passing through Val
Ouarzazate Ancient City, visit [World Cultural Heritage] Benhadu Ancient City, Ait Benhaddou
Kasbah is a famous shooting venue for classic movies such as “Imperial Pride”, “Tomb Robbery”
and “Heavenly Kingdom”. It is expected to arrive in Marrakech overnight through the Atlas
Mountains
Not provided on the source page.

Day 9 - Ouarzazate-Ait Ben Haddou Marrakech (11 Days Morocco Classic Tour)
Guided by a city guide, visit Marrakech, visit YSL Mayor Garden, open-air market, Koutoubia halal, Djema
Square and other attractions, including snake charmers, acrobats, and lively movie-style attractions. You can
also go to the cafe in the open-air market in the square to watch the sunset. You can also taste freshly
squeezed orange juice at the special market and get involved in Berber carpets, silver jewelry, craftsman
workshops, and handmade shoes. If you want to relax, it is recommended to consider booking a traditional
Moroccan steam bath Hammam at your own expense, or book a cooking class to add deliciousness to your
leisurely journey
Not provided on the source page.

Day 10 - Marrakesh (11 Days Morocco Classic Tour)
After breakfast, we leave Marrakech and head to the town of Sovilla, a city with Portuguese style. We will see
the famous spectacle of “sheep on trees” and goats. The tree climbed is actually the tree of life in Morocco,
the Forrest Gump, and the fruit of the Forrest Gump.
It is extremely delicious for goats, and the sheep have practiced climbing trees in order to eat these fruits.
After arriving at the town, you can visit the ports and beaches of the coastal town and swim on the beach.
Along the way, enjoy the colorful fish boats, the fortresses by the majestic ancient coast and the winding
alleys of the ancient city, and check in the hotel in the evening.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 11 - Essaouira – Casablanca Airport
After breakfast, take the highway to Casablanca Airport (the time is set according to the guest’s flight), and
The 11 Days Morocco Classic Tour ends.
(If guests take a flight in the evening or in the morning and have enough time, the morning
Itinerary can add urban attractions according to the guests’ requirements.)
Note: This 11-Day Morocco Classic Tour from Casablanca is just a suggested itinerary designed to inspire your adventure. If it’s not what you are looking for, don’t worry — we’re happy to customize it just for you!
Not provided on the source page.

Images:
- thumbnail.jpg
- image-01.jpg
- image-02.jpg
- image-03.jpg
- image-04.jpg
- image-05.jpg
- image-06.jpg
- image-07.jpg
- image-08.jpg
- image-09.jpg
