Title: THE BEST MOROCCO ITINERARY 13 DAYS CASABLANCA TOUR
Category (menu): IMPERIAL CITIES
Category (tour page): IMPERIAL CITIES
Duration: 13 DAYS
From: FROM CASABLANCA
Source URL: https://saharastartours.com/tour/itinerary-13-days-casablanca-tour/

About this tour:
Not provided on the source page.

Highlights:
Not provided on the source page.

Included:
Not provided on the source page.

Excluded:
Not provided on the source page.

Itinerary:
Day 1 - Airport Casablanca Rabat
You arrive at Casablanca airport, where your private driver/guide will meet you and drive to Casablanca, and then to Rabat. In Casablanca, you will see the Hassan II Mosque, the largest mosque outside Mecca.
Continuing to Rabat – the capital of Morocco – you will see the Hassan Tower and walk the Oudaya Kasbah before you check into your overnight accommodation in a riad at the heart of the Medina.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 2 - Rabat – Assilah – Tangier
After breakfast in your riad, we will drive to Tangier via the city of Asilah. Most of the drive will be by the coast. Our first stop will be in Asilah, where you will have the opportunity to explore the city.
Asilah is known for its annual festival for the arts, and most of the walls of the Medina are painted by various famous artists from all over the world. Your visit includes the Skalla fortress, where you will experience a wonderful view of the Medina and the ocean. After, we will have lunch in Asilah, and we will drive to Tanger to get a feel of the city
Not provided on the source page.

Day 3 - Tangier – Tetoun – Chefchaouen
After breakfast, We drive through the Rif Mountains and Tetouan city to enjoy the views of the beautiful mountains till we get to Chefchaouan one of the stunning villages in the feet of rif mountains Chefchaouen medina had a Spanish-style square surrounded by many funky arts and crafts stores, roof-top restaurants and cafes where you will spend you night in a nice place to enjoy the breeze and the beauty of the nature.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 4 - Chefchaouen – Volubilis – Meknes – Fes
After breakfast in your riad, you will start travelling to Fes via Ouazzan and the Roman site of Volubilis.
After a couple of hours’ drive, you will get to Volubilis, the well-preserved Roman empire dating to 225 BC, where you will see the most beautiful Mosaics in Morocco dating back to the 3rd century BC. Here you will have a guided tour of the site and learn a lot about the Roman Empire.
After that, we travel to Meknes, the Ismaili capital of Morocco. In Meknes, we see the fascinating gate Bab Mansour, built by the sultan My Ismail; the granary and the Sahrij Souani, used for irrigation and plantation. Your visit also includes the Mulay Ismail Mausoleum. We then continue via the highway to Fes.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 5 - Fes Exploration
After breakfast in your riad, you will start exploring Fes, the “Spiritual City of Morocco”.
You will spend the whole morning exploring the Medina and its alleys; visiting most of the sites with cultural and historical interest, including the famous Al Karaouine Mosque and University (the oldest in the world), the Medrasa Bouanania, the Tanneries, and the Najjarine fountain.
After lunch, we will drive you outside the Medina to see the Royal Palace gate, walk through the Jewish quarter “the Mellah”, and then visit the pottery cooperative. In the afternoon, we will drive you to one of the fortresses to experience an amazing panoramic view of the whole Medina of Fes.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 6 - Fes – Ifrane – Errachidia – Merzouga
After breakfast in your riad, you’ll start travelling southeast to Merzouga via Midelt and Errachidia. Your first stop will be at Ifran, referred to as “the Switzerland of Morocco”, and then to Merzouga via Midlet and the Ziz Valley.
During this journey, you’ll experience glimpses of the Middle Atlas and the High Atlas mountains. Stopping at the famous cedar forest, the largest in Morocco, where you may well sight Barbarian Apes…. You’ll notice how the scenery changes to reveal hints of the desert as you approach the city Er Rachidia.. After lunch in Midelt, your journey continues along the luxuriant Ziz Valley, stopping for panoramic views along the way.
We will drive through welcoming Berber villages to Erfoud, and then Rissani, the foundation of the Alaouite dynasty, the current ruling royal family in Morocco.
Arriving in Merzouga at the end of the day, you’ll be welcomed with a glass of mint tea before you check in to your riad.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 7 - Merzouga area – Camel trek & overnight in desert camp
After breakfast in the riad, you will start an explorative journey of the area. You’ll visit the Gnawa people, originally slaves brought from Sudan, to experience their music and lifestyle.
Not far away, there’s the lake of Merzouga, with its bird populations. You may also visit the souk in Rissani, a traditional town which was the origin of the ruling family in Morocco and the meeting place of the Caravans trading as far as Timbuctou in Mali. Here you will see a lot of men hooded and women veiled.
In the afternoon, you will start your guided camel ride, led by an experienced camel man, to explore the sand sea of Merzouga. Overnight at our luxury desert camp, where you
will have dinner. For your convenience, the camp is equipped with flush toilets.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 8 - Merzouga – Todra Gorges – Dades Valley Skoura
Early in the morning, your camel guide will wake you up to watch what well may be the best sunrise of your
life. Afterwards, you will trek back to the village of Merzouga, en route, you couldn’t fail to appreciate the
unique beauty of the spectacular Erg Chebbi dunes – changing with the light as the day progresses.
After breakfast in your riad, you’ll leave for the Dades Valley, visiting Todra Gorges – the highest, narrowest
gorges in Morocco. After lunch within the valley, you will have an optional hour’s hike through the fields
where you will enjoy visiting an old mud village, meet locals, and learn about the culture. On through Dades
Valley, where you will have the opportunity to see majestic sand castles and the amazing rock formations
known as “monkey toes”. Overnight accommodation in Skoura
Not provided on the source page.

Day 9 - Skoura- Dades Valley –Ouarzazate –Marrakech
After breakfast in the hotel, we’ll drive through the Dades Valley towards Kalaat Mgouna and Ouarzazate.
The route through Dades Valley is the way of the thousand Kasbahs, providing numerous opportunities to
take some of your best photographic shots of the trip. We’ll stop at Kalaat Mgouna, “the rose city”, to
purchase rosewater, which will make your linen smell good a long time after your trip is over. Continue to
Marrakech via the Ait Ben Haddou Kasbah. Built by Et Hami El Glaoui, one of the last Berber chieftains
during the 18th century, now the Kasbah is a house of many Glaoui people.. Your journey will continue
through the majestic Tizi n’Tichka Pass (2260m) over the High Atlas Mountains, before arriving at your
accommodation in Marrakech.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 10 - Marrakesh Exploration
After breakfast in the riad, you will enjoy a morning guided tour of Marrakech, “the Red City of Morocco”.
Your guide will ensure that you see all the sites of historical and cultural interest, including the Koutoubia
Minaret, the Saadian tombs, the beautiful Palace of Bahia, and the Ben Youssef Koranic School. Finally, end
the morning by walking through the medina alleys -getting a chance to admire all of the different artisans
performing their crafts before arriving at the famous Jamaa El Fna Square. Lunch at a restaurant near the
square, and then in the afternoon visit the gardens at Majorelle and have a short tour at Gueliz -the new city
of Marrakech. After the visit, you will have the option to walk through the square, entertained by magicians,
story-tellers, tooth-pullers and food sellers
Not provided on the source page.

Day 11 - Marrakesh –Essaouira
After breakfast in the Riad in Marrakech. We will drive to Essaouira (called Mogador by European sailors
and traders). It is also known for its annual Gnaoua Music Festival that attracts 300,000+ people in June. It also has an expansive beach for surfing called Plage de Safi, the fishing harbor, offers breathtaking views of
the Portuguese ramparts, explore the ramparts and the spice and jewelry souks of the Medina.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 12 - Essaouira – El Jadid – Casablanca
Today we will take the coastal way to Casablanca, travelling back to Casablanca via the coast, stopping at El Oualidia for lunch. En route, you will visit the historical sites at El Jadida, then arrive in Casablanca in time for dinner at the hotel, where you will spend your last night.
Not provided on the source page.

Day 13 - Casablanca Transfer/Tour ends
You take breakfast and then get a transfer to Casablanca. End of our Morocco Itinerary 13 Days Tour from Casablanca.
Not provided on the source page.

Images:
- thumbnail.jpg
- image-01.jpg
- image-02.jpg
- image-03.jpg
- image-04.jpg
- image-05.jpg
- image-06.jpg
- image-07.jpg
- image-08.jpg
- image-09.jpg
- image-10.jpg
- image-11.jpg
